Oh Saiga
when I was a child I had few love in
this world
I remember that my father gave to me a
newborn laugh
and when I had come to cherish it above
all things my father made me slit its
throat
and so made me stronger
you are old my lungs led to the
slaughter to appease me
yet I am not appeased run
alright guys so that was the trailer to
blood and burning DLC and let me tell
you guys that that was phenomenal the
first thing that I noticed on the
trailer right away for this review is
that it was like a movie it was like I
was watching a movie I was watching some
sort of it was like a movie trailer
actually and I loved the way how
cinematic wise on how all the different
sounds you could hear like people like
walking in the mud you hear the guy
throwing up very vividly you could hear
the the blood in the sword going through
the flesh on it a little bit different
than we've heard it in the past so I
mean overall the the feel of it was very
theatrical and very very realistic I
think now comes the tillers lines attila
attila has actor for a till I don't
remember his name but he was in last
episode of rally point the way he speaks
he he even said in the interview himself
he normally plays bad guys well he does
a magnificent job playing as a bad guy
because his voice it's very it's very
deep it's very it's I mean there's like
I don't know there's like just maybe
grumbling part of it but about the boy
something very like almost like the way
he makes a tellus ound very barbaric but
sophisticated at the same time it's
really really weird the way he does it
and so his lines were really cool we
actually heard a little bit more about a
tell a story now there's no way of
knowing whether this is true but that
his father gave him a lamb and he
charged it cherished it above all things
and then he was forced to kill the lamb
then he said the world you are all my
lambs and and he he was not appeased by
the slaughtering of just one of them and
he won't be appeased and then right
there at you will see that the guy he's
about to kill the guy the prisoner and
then he's it stops and was like no run
and then he lets the guy go here um you
guys just watched it but he runs and
runs and then when I saw that scene I
was like I wonder if that happened a lot
back in the day when you had prisoners
and you wanted to like instead of just
kill them right there you wanted to go
ahead and have them fight a little bit
for their survival because around me a
lot if you guys have seen the movie
Apocalyptica where they let the guy run
and he dodges this be
and then at the end I think one of them
hits him cut and the guy comes up to
finish him off and he stabs the guy and
kills that guy so I mean that part was
really cool too the way the way that I
mean the way they brought it in I think
I think it was really cool for me was a
really good trailer I mean this is among
I would say this is probably the best
attila dlc actually know what this is
the best attila trailer that has been
announced so far I like this one the
best is number one for me probably
number two would be the first attila
trailer so far so this is going to be
number one for me but again guys the
blood and gore dlc does drop tonight and
i will be reviewing it I'll try to get a
review later on tonight or tomorrow
morning for it just so I can go ahead
and see all the blood and gore that's
going on know that's going along with it
plus the vomiting they said there's
going to be some guts involved as well
so that does come out tonight you can
order it or pre-order it until five
o'clock so once five o'clock drops I'm
still going to be at work so once I come
home tonight I'll go ahead and pick it
up and then show you guys the bloody
goodness of the dlc itself as far as the
celtic dlc the voting is done and
unfortunately people are saying do not
buy it on release so i will not get it
tonight
on release and i will not review it
tonight I will get it much later on and
I probably had a more discounted
discounted um price and then review it
at that time to see if it was even worth
it but probably by the time that I get
it there will be another DLC coming out
it seems to be the pacing of the of
after Attila so so that there you go
that's that's what the resolution is on
that but besides that guys I will have a
review I will have the blood and gore
shown in all its extreme settings
goodness and besides that guys yeah so
let me know what you guys think of the
trailer itself let me know what you guys
think of the blood and gore put in the
comments section below let me know let's
go ahead and see me this video over 50
likes and again guys if you like what
you see here and you'd like to see more
go ahead and subscribe so sacrifice a
lamb to the subscribe button to see more
this is going to be son jutsu signing
off